>> Evgenii Ray: Okay, let's summarize.
So we went through the core fundamentals
section where you got the knowledge of
how the browser renders the element.
Then when we brush up
the knowledge on our DOM API,
on a DOM API usage, and
also the intersection observer.
So we built a virtualization from
scratch utilizing this core fundamentals
knowledge.
So also we went through
the application state design, so
now you know how you could potentially
optimize the way you store the data
on the client to minimize the device
memory usage and CPU usage.
And we also overviewed all network
protocols that are available to us as
a web developers and
how can we fetch the data efficiently.
And we also looked at the way how can
we optimize the JavaScript assets.
So I hope that this will
be useful to you and
you will be able to apply this knowledge
in your real life and daily job.
>> Speaker 2: What is the best practice
for updating UI when streaming?
>> Evgenii Ray: Updating the UI when?
>> Speaker 2: Streaming updates.
So, for instance, probably,
just thinking like ChatGPT responses.
>> Evgenii Ray: So first of all,
you need to connect to your
endpoint that allows us
to stream the text data.
And the server-sent events is very good
way how you can stream the text data.
But one thing about the data streaming
is when you see that the ChatGPT streams
the text, it's actually already received
the chunk of data that it wants to render.
So the way you can wait until you get
the chunk of data that you want to render.
And once this chunk is ready,
you'll be able to kind of simulate
the streaming of the answer.
This is how I would implement this.
>> Speaker 2: When the final slide says,
minimize run time state, does that mean
normalizing it or simplifying the data so
there's less to consider over time?
>> Evgenii Ray: It's actually both,
so you minimize duplication, so
you store less nested objects, and
you also store things on the hard drive.
So when you offload
the data to the hard drive,
you reduce the RAM
consumption by the device.
Yeah, all right, thanks a lot for
watching the course, I hope you liked it.
And yeah, feel free to subscribe
to my YouTube channel and
also share the course with your friends.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Evgenii Ray: Thank you.